Set default container runtime to containerd (#10370)
kubernetes/kops: docs/releases/1.20-NOTES.md

# Significant changes

> * Default container runtime set to `containerd` for K8s versions >= 1.20.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Default container runtime is now set to `containerd` for new clusters running Kubernetes 1.20.0+.
```
